[PXCT-1779] brick docs rework (#2944)
arduino/docs-content: content/software/app-lab/5.bricks/1.about-bricks/about-bricks.md

- **[Create Custom Bricks](../custom-bricks/)**: Learn how to author your own Custom Bricks to package your specialized Python logic or external Docker containers.
- **[Bricks Technical Reference](../bricks-reference/)**: Understand the background execution model, thread lifecycle, and YAML schemas.

## About Bricks

Bricks save time by handling heavy infrastructure and background tasks automatically. Instead of setting up complex machine learning environments, configuring databases, or writing socket servers, you instantiate a Brick and let the framework handle the rest.

Technically, a **Brick** is a Python module that interacts with your main application. Bricks run in one of two ways:

- **Pure Python Bricks:** These run entirely in the board's main Python environment. They provide utility functions, compute logic, or cloud connections without launching external containers.
- **Containerized Bricks:** These act as Python bridges to isolated **Docker containerized services** running in the background. Your application script (`main.py`) interacts with the Brick's Python API, which handles any necessary network communication with the underlying container behind the scenes.

> While App Lab provides a wide catalog of pre-built Arduino Bricks, you can also create **Custom Bricks** directly within your application as a local variant. Custom Bricks use the exact same architecture as pre-built Bricks, allowing you to package your own specialized Python logic or third-party Docker containers into modular, reusable components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While App Lab provides a wide catalog of pre-built Arduino Bricks, you can also create **Custom Bricks** directly within your application. Custom Bricks use the exact same architecture as pre-built Bricks, allowing you to package your own specialized Python logic or third-party Docker containers into modular, reusable components.
```

Remove superfluous "word salad"-y content.

## How Bricks Work (Orchestration and Infrastructure)

When you add a Brick to your App via the App Lab interface, the system automates several steps:

1. **Configuration:** The orchestrator registers the Brick in your application's `app.yaml` file.
2. **Environment Preparation:** For containerized Bricks, the `arduino-app-lab` system manages the deployment, virtual network creation, and startup of all required background containers.

> 3. **Python Path Integration:** The orchestrator automatically adds the `bricks/` directory to the Python `sys.path`, allowing you to import your Custom Bricks seamlessly by their folder name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Configuration:** App Lab registers the Brick in your application's `app.yaml` file.
2. **Environment Preparation:** For containerized Bricks, the `arduino-app-lab` system manages the deployment, virtual network creation, and startup of all required background containers.
3. **Python Path Integration:** App Lab automatically adds the `bricks/` directory to the Python `sys.path`, allowing you to import your Custom Bricks seamlessly by their folder name.
```

I don't see any reason to introduce the term "orchestrator". The reader won't have any familiarity with this term. Conversely, they will easily understand what is written here if "App Lab" is used instead.
